Add Mappers' Report: July news post (#3974)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2020-08-03-mappers-report-july.md

## Open Ranking Criteria Proposals

As every month we keep you up to date with the changes to the Ranking Criteria. Additionally we list open proposals so you can give your feedback to them! Below a list of the new proposals since the last issue of the Mappers' Report.

### All Modes

- **[Treat official romanisation above RC standardisation](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1095833)**
- **[Avoid spoilers in maps](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1083667)**
- **[Clear metadata rules and add guidelines regarding mashups](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1108054)**

### osu!catch

- **[Remove "clear dashes" guideline on Platter difficulties](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1118458)**

### osu!mania

- **[Change some duplicated phrases in 7K hard guidelines](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1112674)**

## <a id="within-bn-nat"></a>Within the Beatmap Nominators and NAT

> New Beatmap Nominators have arrived! As every month, we would like to show you who you can request your pending maps to. Just make sure to request them to the Beatmap Nominators of the right game mode. Below, a list of all additions and departures of this month!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New Beatmap Nominators have arrived! As with every month, we would like to show you which people you can request your pending maps to, just make sure to request them to the Beatmap Nominators of the right game mode. Shown below are a list of all additions and departures of this month!
```

> But before we get to them, we have some important announcements to make for the so-called "care package" which had its first test run some months ago in osu!taiko and a change regarding Beatmap Nominator applications and evaluations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before we get to them however, we have some important announcements to make regarding the so-called "care package" which has had its first test run some months ago with osu!taiko, along with a change regarding Beatmap Nominator applications and evaluations.
```

### Activity lenience for returning Beatmap Nominators

> Have you ever been a Beatmap Nominator before and would like to make your return? Then we have great news! In the [February issue of the Mappers' Report](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2020-02-28-mappers-report-february) we have mentioned that we applied a "care package" for osu!taiko that gave past Beatmap Nominators an easier way to make their return. Now the time has come that we will apply it for all game modes! And it starts with this announcement!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Have you ever been a Beatmap Nominator before and would like to make your return? Then we have great news! In the [February issue of the Mappers' Report](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2020-02-28-mappers-report-february) we mentioned that we applied a "care package" for osu!taiko that gave past Beatmap Nominators an easier way to make their return. Now the time has come where we will apply it to all game modes, starting with this announcement!
```

> Following rules apply for the activity lenience:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following requirements apply for specific activity leniency:
```
Suggesting "Requirements" over "Rules" as rules imply you need to hit both which doesn't make any sense, they're two separate points, and expanded the activity lenience to mention specifics so it confuses less the user

- **You must have been a member of the Beatmap Nominators in the past**. This applies back to the date when the Beatmap Nominators were first created. (Past BAT times). This means that you will only need **two months** of modding activity in order to apply!
- **You must have been a member of the Beatmap Nominators in the past year**. Additionally you must have left on "good terms". On "good terms" means that you have passed your last evaluation. If both apply to you, you will only need **one month** of modding activity in order to apply!

This has been tested on leaving Beatmap Nominators for a few months already, so you may already have this leniency if you've left recently.
We've got your interest? Great! When you are sure that the activity lenience can be applied to you, contact any member of the Nomination Assessment Team! (Preferably of your game mode, because they will most likely know if you were a Beatmap Nominator in the past.)

> ### Change regarding Beatmap Nominator application and evaluation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### BN application and evaluation results will be sent via web chat
```

> Next the NAT have an important announcement to make regarding future Beatmap Nominator evaluations and applications. Prior all results were delivered through legacy pm on the old osu! website. **This is no longer the case**. You will now receive a message through the websites chat function, once your application or evaluation have concluded. This message will contain a link which will lead you to the **Beatmap Nominator website**, where more detailed feedback can be viewed. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Next the NAT have an important announcement to make regarding future Beatmap Nominator evaluations and applications. Prior all results were delivered through legacy pm on the old osu! website. **This is no longer the case**. You will now receive a message through the website/in-game chat function, once your application or evaluation have concluded. This message will contain a link which will lead you to the **Beatmap Nominator website**, where more detailed feedback can be viewed. 
```

> Next the NAT have an important announcement to make regarding future Beatmap Nominator evaluations and applications. Prior all results were delivered through legacy pm on the old osu! website. **This is no longer the case**. You will now receive a message through the website/in-game chat function, once your application or evaluation have concluded. This message will contain a link which will lead you to the **Beatmap Nominator website**, where more detailed feedback can be viewed. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Next, the NAT has an important announcement to make regarding future Beatmap Nominator evaluations and applications. As you may know, all results used to be delivered through legacy pm on the old osu! website. **This is no longer the case**. You will now receive a message through the website/in-game chat function once your application or evaluation has concluded. This message will contain a link that will lead you to the **Beatmap Nominator website**, where more detailed feedback can be viewed. 
```

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Next the NAT have an important announcement to make regarding future Beatmap Nominator evaluations and applications. Prior all results were delivered through legacy pm on the old osu! website. **This is no longer the case**. Applicants will now receive a message through the website/in-game chat function, once your application or evaluation have concluded. This message will contain a link which will lead you to the **Beatmap Nominator website**, where more detailed feedback can be viewed. 
```

And now let's go to the team movements for this month:

### BN Additions

> - **osu!:** [-Aqua](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7150015), [Bibbity Bill](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4446810), [Log Off Now](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4378277) & [C00L](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4930630)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- **osu!:** [-Aqua](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7150015), [Bibbity Bill](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4446810), [Log Off Now](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4378277), [C00L](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4930630), [Ayucchi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7823498) & [Hobbes2](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8157492)
```

- **osu!catch:** [wonjae](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5032045) & [-Joni-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9988837)
- **osu!mania:** [Arzenvald](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3027421), [lenpai](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5314573) & [Davvy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10047413)

Do you want to see your own name on this list? Do you like modding and helping other people with their beatmaps? If your answer to both of these questions is "yes", then you can also become a Beatmap Nominator! The applications are always open. 

Head over to the [Beatmap Nominator website](https://bn.mappersguild.com) and apply today!

### BN Departures

- **osu!:** [Peter](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8623835), [Kaitjuh](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2225327), [Icekalt](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5410645) & [Rizen](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3056732)
- **osu!taiko:** [Volta](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4154071)
- **osu!catch:** [JBHyperion](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4879508)

## <a id="mappers-showcase"></a>Mappers' Showcase

> Another month, another Mappers' Showcase! However, "mapper" is maybe not the right term this time. Since we covered the first round of all game modes, we thought we'd make something special this time. We would like to show you the work of storyboarders!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another month, another Mappers' Showcase! However, the term "mapper" is maybe not the right term this time. Since the showcase has covered all game modes at least once, we thought we'd make something special this time. We would like to show you the work of storyboarders!
```

Reviewer 3: There's no need to mention "term" twice in the sentence. Seemed fine as it was.

Reviewer: good point, changed the second one just so the sentence flows better

In their first ranked storyboard for [Halozy - Paranoid Lost](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1180913#osu/2462333), ohm002 goes big and bold with lots of contrast between sections of the song. While not the cleanest in the technicalities, it sure gives a shocking impression and a unique playing experience.

In contrast, their recent work for [HAG - Rokugatsu no Himitsu Kichi](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1094362#osu/2287170) shows a rather clean and concise style with less particle effects. They demonstrate how a simple style can look good when you get the fundamentals right. There's clearly a lot of potential here and we look forward to seeing their future works!

### PantyDev

As a long time storyboarder, [PantyDev](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5420543) has an impressive variety in their portfolio. With storyboards ranging from simple and clean to complex and ambitious, they might just have the experience to compete with the best.

> A unique one would definitely be their visualization for [BoxPlot - Tramontane](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1016398#osu/2127254), basically turning the whole background into a swaying curtain. Certainly a neat concept that not many storyboards use, but it may feel a bit dizzying.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A unique storyboard to start with would definitely be their visualization for [BoxPlot - Tramontane](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1016398#osu/2127254), basically turning the whole background into a swaying curtain. Certainly a neat concept that not many storyboards use, though it may feel a bit dizzying.
```
just sounds more professional

View the latest information regarding MBC on the [wiki article](https://osu.ppy.sh/help/wiki/Contests/Monthly_Beatmapping_Contest).

### osu! Beatmapping World Championship 2020

The osu! Beatmapping World Championship has progressed since last month and the round-of-16 matches have just concluded! Some results surprised everyone who were present during the results stream on Thursday. You can view the current results for the elimination rounds [here](https://obwc.net/results/elimination).

#### Round of 16 results

As mentioned, many of these results blew everyone away. Special shout-out to **Team Argentina** who showed everyone they're not messing around, even against the 6.9% of predictions in the RO16 [pick'ems](https://pickem.hwc.hr/tournaments/30/pick)!

> ![](/wiki/shared/flag/FR.gif) France **5 - 0** Italy ![](/wiki/shared/flag/IT.gif)

Reviewer 4: agree, it's a lot easier for the reader as a table (@Feerum you can change this and the one below!)

![](/wiki/shared/flag/CN.gif) China **2 - 3** Argentina ![](/wiki/shared/flag/AR.gif)

![](/wiki/shared/flag/VN.gif) Vietnam **3 - 2** Canada ![](/wiki/shared/flag/CA.gif)

![](/wiki/shared/flag/SE.gif) Sweden **2 - 3** Brazil ![](/wiki/shared/flag/BR.gif)

![](/wiki/shared/flag/GB.gif) United Kingdom **4 - 1** United States ![](/wiki/shared/flag/US.gif)

![](/wiki/shared/flag/AU.gif) Australia **3 - 2** Norway ![](/wiki/shared/flag/NO.gif)

![](/wiki/shared/flag/KR.gif) South Korea **3 - 2** Denmark ![](/wiki/shared/flag/DK.gif)

![](/wiki/shared/flag/PL.gif) Poland **2 - 3** Russian Federation ![](/wiki/shared/flag/RU.gif)    

#### Quarterfinals Match-ups

> ![](/wiki/shared/flag/FR.gif) France **vs** Argentina ![](/wiki/shared/flag/AR.gif)

Reviewer 5: here as well, a table would also be very fitting for convenience

| Team 1 |   | Team 2 |
| --: | :-: | :-- |
| ![](/wiki/shared/flag/FR.gif) **France** | vs. | **Argentina** ![](/wiki/shared/flag/AR.gif) |
| ![](/wiki/shared/flag/VN.gif) **Vietnam** | vs. | **Brazil** ![](/wiki/shared/flag/BR.gif) |
| ![](/wiki/shared/flag/GB.gif) **United Kingdom** | vs. | **Australia** ![](/wiki/shared/flag/AU.gif) |
| ![](/wiki/shared/flag/KR.gif) **South Korea** | vs. | **Russian Federation** ![](/wiki/shared/flag/RU.gif) |

---
layout: post
title: "The Mappers' Report: July"

> date: 2020-08-08 12:00:00 +0000

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
date: 2020-08-08 08:00:00 +0000
```

- **[Mappers' Showcase](#mappers-showcase)**
- **[Mapping Contests](#mapping-contests)**
- **[Conclusion](#conclusion)**

## <a id="rc-changes"></a>Ranking Criteria Changes

For this month, whilst there weren't many major proposals or Ranking Criteria changes, there was a focus on minor wording changes throughout.

### osu!taiko
 
- **[Change the wording for "patterns faster than"](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1097738)**: This change aims to clear up some ambiguity in the wording of a futsuu difficulty-specific rule.

### osu!mania

- **[Redefining the "stream" terminology](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1079647])**: Another change mainly looking to make the terminology in the osu!mania Ranking Criteria as clear as possible. This change defines the length at which a pattern is considered a stream.
- **[Change chord guidelines in normal difficulties](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1067554)**: This is the only non-wording based change this month. This change, with regards to 4K and 7K normals difficulties, allows mappers to use chords during a long note hold as long as it's being played with the other hand.

## Open Ranking Criteria Proposals

> As every month we keep you up to date with the changes to the Ranking Criteria. Additionally we list open proposals so you can give your feedback to them! Below a list of the new proposals since the last issue of the Mappers' Report.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
As every month we keep you up to date with the changes to the Ranking Criteria. Additionally, we list open proposals so you can give your feedback to them! Below a list of the new proposals since the last issue of the Mappers' Report.
```

### All Modes

- **[Treat official romanisation above RC standardisation](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1095833)**
- **[Avoid spoilers in maps](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1083667)**
- **[Clear metadata rules and add guidelines regarding mashups](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1108054)**

### osu!catch

- **[Remove "clear dashes" guideline on Platter difficulties](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1118458)**

### osu!mania

- **[Change some duplicated phrases in 7K hard guidelines](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1112674)**

## <a id="within-bn-nat"></a>Within the Beatmap Nominators and NAT

> New Beatmap Nominators have arrived! As with every month, we would like to show you which people you can request your pending maps to, just make sure to request them to the Beatmap Nominators of the right game mode. Shown below are the lists of all additions and departures of this month!

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
New Beatmap Nominators have arrived! As with every month, we would like to show you which people you can request your pending maps to, just make sure to ask those proficient in the right game mode! Shown below are the lists of all additions and departures of this month!
```
not really sure about this one but sounds more natural to me?

> Before we get to them however, we have some important announcements to make regarding the so-called "care package" which has had its first test run some months ago with osu!taiko, along with a change regarding Beatmap Nominator applications and evaluations.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
Before we get to them though, we have some important announcements regarding the so-called "care package" which has had its first osu!taiko test several months ago, along with a change regarding Beatmap Nominator applications and evaluations.
```
sounds more fitting here?

### Activity lenience for returning Beatmap Nominators

> Have you ever been a Beatmap Nominator before and would like to make your return? Then we have great news! In the [February issue of the Mappers' Report](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2020-02-28-mappers-report-february) we mentioned that we applied a "care package" for osu!taiko that gave past Beatmap Nominators an easier way to make their return. Now the time has come where we will apply it to all game modes, starting with this announcement!

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
Have you ever been a Beatmap Nominator before and would like to make a return? We have some great news for you! In the [February issue of the Mappers' Report](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2020-02-28-mappers-report-february) we mentioned that we applied a "care package" for osu!taiko that gave past Beatmap Nominators an easier way to make their return. Now the time has come and we will apply it to all game modes, starting with this announcement!
```

The following requirements apply for specific activity leniency:

> - **You must have been a member of the Beatmap Nominators in the past**. This applies back to the date when the Beatmap Nominators were first created. (Past BAT times). This means that you will only need **two months** of modding activity in order to apply!

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
- **You must have been a member of the Beatmap Nominators in the past**. This applies back to the date when the Beatmap Nominators were first created. (Past BAT times). This means that you will only need **two months** of modding activity in order to re-apply!
```

> - **You must have been a member of the Beatmap Nominators in the past year**. Additionally you must have left on "good terms". On "good terms" means that you have passed your last evaluation. If both apply to you, you will only need **one month** of modding activity in order to apply!

Reviewer 7: on "good terms. "Good terms"

> - **You must have been a member of the Beatmap Nominators in the past year**. Additionally you must have left on "good terms". On "good terms" means that you have passed your last evaluation. If both apply to you, you will only need **one month** of modding activity in order to apply!

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
- **You must have been a member of the Beatmap Nominators in the past year**. Additionally you must have left "on good terms". "On good terms" means that you have passed your last evaluation. If both apply to you, you will only need **one month** of modding activity in order to apply!
```

> - **You must have been a member of the Beatmap Nominators in the past year**. Additionally you must have left "on good terms". "On good terms" means that you have passed your last evaluation. If both apply to you, you will only need **one month** of modding activity in order to apply!

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
- **You must have been a member of the Beatmap Nominators in the past year**. Additionally, you must have left "on good terms". Meaning that you have passed your last evaluation. If both apply to you, you will only need **one month** of modding activity to re-apply!
```

> This has been tested on leaving Beatmap Nominators for a few months already, so you may already have this leniency if you've left recently.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
This has been tested on leaving Beatmap Nominators for a few months already, so you may already have the leniency if you've left recently.
```

> We've got your interest? Great! When you are sure that the activity lenience can be applied to you, contact any member of the Nomination Assessment Team! (Preferably of your game mode, because they will most likely know if you were a Beatmap Nominator in the past.)

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
We've got your interest? Great! When you are sure that the activity lenience can be applied to you, contact any of the Nomination Assessment Team members! (Preferably of your game mode, because they will most likely know if you were a Beatmap Nominator in the past.)
```

### BN application and evaluation results will now be sent via chat

> Next, the NAT has an important announcement to make regarding future Beatmap Nominator evaluations and applications. As you may know, all results used to be delivered through legacy pm on the old osu! website. **This is no longer the case**. You will now receive a message through the website/in-game chat function once your application or evaluation has concluded. This message will contain a link that will lead you to the **Beatmap Nominator website**, where more detailed feedback can be viewed. 

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
As you may already know, all messages regarding Beatmap Nominator applications and evaluations results used to be delivered through legacy pm system on the old osu! website. **This is no longer the case**. You will now receive a message through the website/in-game chat function once your application or evaluation has concluded. This message will contain a link that will lead you to the **Beatmap Nominator website**, where more detailed feedback can be viewed. 
```
not really sure if this intro sentence is needed since there was a general starting sentence for announcements block

> And now let's go to the team movements for this month:

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
And now let's move on to the team movements for this month:
```

- **osu!catch:** [wonjae](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5032045) & [-Joni-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9988837)
- **osu!mania:** [Arzenvald](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3027421), [lenpai](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5314573) & [Davvy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10047413)

Do you want to see your own name on this list? Do you like modding and helping other people with their beatmaps? If your answer to both of these questions is "yes", then you can also become a Beatmap Nominator! The applications are always open. 

Head over to the [Beatmap Nominator website](https://bn.mappersguild.com) and apply today!

### BN Departures

- **osu!:** [Peter](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8623835), [Kaitjuh](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2225327), [Icekalt](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5410645) & [Rizen](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3056732)
- **osu!taiko:** [Volta](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4154071)
- **osu!catch:** [JBHyperion](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4879508)

### NAT Additions 

> A new member in the Nomination Assessment has risen! Please welcome [Scotty](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11085809) to the team! After around one and a half year as a Beatmap Nominator, he will now help the current osu!mania NAT with the Beatmap Nominator evaluations and make sure that the constant flow of new members recently will not break up. 

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
A new member in the Nomination Assessment has risen! Please welcome [Scotty](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11085809) to the team! After around one and half a year as a Beatmap Nominator, he will now help the current osu!mania NAT with the Beatmap Nominator evaluations and make sure that the recent flow of new members will not break up. 
```

Welcome aboard Scotty!

## <a id="mappers-showcase"></a>Mappers' Showcase

> Another month, another Mappers' Showcase! However, the term "mapper" is maybe not the right one this time. Since the showcase has covered all game modes at least once, we thought we'd make something special this time. We would like to show you the work of storyboarders!
> As storyboarding can apply to all game modes, we thought it'd be the perfect moment to showcase some outstanding storyboarders this month!

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
Another month, another Mappers' Showcase! However, the term "mapper" is maybe not the right one this time. Since the showcase has covered all game modes at least once, we thought we'd make something special this time. We would like to show you the work of storyboarders! As storyboarding can apply to all game modes, we thought it'd be the perfect moment to showcase some outstanding storyboarders this month!
```

This month got covered by [Walavouchey](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5773079) with two excellent storyboarder picks!

### ohm002

> Having made quite a few storyboards in only the short span of, well, this year, [ohm002](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4468239) has been building up their repertoire trying out a lot of different ideas. While being newer in the scene, they have managed some rather quick improvement that aspiring storyboarders might want to take note of!

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
Having made quite a few storyboards in only the short span of, well, this year, [ohm002](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4468239) has been building up their repertoire trying out a lot of different ideas. While being newer in the scene, they managed to make a rather quick improvement that aspiring storyboarders might want to take a note of!
```

In their first ranked storyboard for [Halozy - Paranoid Lost](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1180913#osu/2462333), ohm002 goes big and bold with lots of contrast between sections of the song. While not the cleanest in the technicalities, it sure gives a shocking impression and a unique playing experience.

> In contrast, their recent work for [HAG - Rokugatsu no Himitsu Kichi](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1094362#osu/2287170) shows a rather clean and concise style with less particle effects. They demonstrate how a simple style can look good when you get the fundamentals right. There's clearly a lot of potential here and we look forward to seeing their future works!

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
In contrast, their recent work for [HAG - Rokugatsu no Himitsu Kichi](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1094362#osu/2287170) shows a rather clean and concise style with less particle effects. They demonstrate how a simple style can look good when you get the fundamentals right. There's clearly a lot of potential here and we look forward to seeing their future work!
```

### PantyDev

As a long time storyboarder, [PantyDev](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5420543) has an impressive variety in their portfolio. With storyboards ranging from simple and clean to complex and ambitious, they might just have the experience to compete with the best.

> A unique storyboard to start with would definitely be their visualization for [BoxPlot - Tramontane](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1016398#osu/2127254), basically turning the whole background into a swaying curtain. Certainly, a neat concept that not many storyboards use, though it may feel a bit dizzying.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A unique storyboard to start with would definitely be their visualization for [BoxPlot - Tramontane](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1016398#osu/2127254), basically turning the whole background into a swaying curtain. It's certainly a neat concept that not many storyboards use, though it may feel a bit dizzying.
```
Having two commas is not necessary. It was originally omitting the subject, but this might be clearer.

> A unique storyboard to start with would definitely be their visualization for [BoxPlot - Tramontane](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1016398#osu/2127254), basically turning the whole background into a swaying curtain. Certainly a neat concept that not many storyboards use, though it may feel a bit dizzying.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
A unique storyboard to start with would definitely be their visualization for [BoxPlot - Tramontane](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1016398#osu/2127254), basically turning the whole background into a swaying curtain. Certainly, a neat concept that not many storyboards use, though it may feel a bit dizzying.
```

> Another great storyboard of theirs is the one for [Krewella - Killin' It (Sped Up Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1029940#osu/2153590), featuring smooth background movement, flashing lights, chromatic aberration, and a whole lot more that makes one background absolutely pop.

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
Another great storyboard of theirs is the one for [Krewella - Killin' It (Sped Up Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1029940#osu/2153590), featuring smooth background movement, flashing lights, chromatic aberration and a whole lot more that makes its background absolutely pop.
```

Reviewer 3: "the" would sound better than "its", although i still prefer it as it is.
Serial comma for consistency seems fine.

Lastly, their work for [ClariS - SHIORI](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/747684#osu/1575386) is one of the more ambitious storyboards to hit the community. The different sections with their own cute details make the whole thing feel more like a music video than a storyboard.

And that's just the tip of the iceberg! Be sure to check out some of their many storyboards on other maps!

> Do you know any mapper or storyboarder who is rather unknown and makes awesome content? Then make sure to let us know! Submit them through [this form](https://forms.gle/kM5SW33xp1HttS7D8) today!

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
Do you happen to know any mapper or storyboarder who is rather unknown and makes awesome content? Then make sure to let us know! Submit them through [this form](https://forms.gle/kM5SW33xp1HttS7D8) today!
```

> Do you happen to know any mapper or storyboarder who is rather unknown and makes awesome content? Then make sure to let us know! Submit them through [this form](https://forms.gle/kM5SW33xp1HttS7D8) today!

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
Do you happen to know any mapper or storyboarder who is rather unknown and makes awesome content? Then make sure to let us know! Submit their names through [this form](https://forms.gle/kM5SW33xp1HttS7D8) today!
```

May's contest concluded with 2 winners! Congratulations to both [hypercyte](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9155377) who won both the community vote and "screening crew's favourite" categories, and to [Acylica](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1943309) who was the community vote's runner-up! Further congratulations to [hypercyte](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9155377) on being the first mapper to have won the MBC grand prize and earning the **Elite Mapper** title through the new Monthly Beatmapping Contests with an overall total of 7 points!

As for June, we congratulate [Kalibe](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3376777), [xbopost](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6842421) and [Sylas](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3906405) on winning MBC for this month! There was a 3-way tie this time so there will be no runner-up for this month. The scores between their entries were so thin, with an amazing display of work from all three of them. [Mao](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2204515) and [K4L1](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11334594) also received honorable mentions for their creative entries which unfortunately did not score as high.

> View the latest information regarding MBC on the [wiki article](https://osu.ppy.sh/help/wiki/Contests/Monthly_Beatmapping_Contest).

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
View the latest information regarding MBC in the [wiki article](https://osu.ppy.sh/help/wiki/Contests/Monthly_Beatmapping_Contest).
```

### osu! Beatmapping World Championship 2020

The osu! Beatmapping World Championship has progressed since last month and the round-of-16 matches have just concluded! Some results surprised everyone who were present during the results stream on Thursday. You can view the current results for the elimination rounds [here](https://obwc.net/results/elimination).

#### Round of 16 results

As mentioned, many of these results blew everyone away. Special shout-out to **Team Argentina** who showed everyone they're not messing around, even against the 6.9% of predictions in the RO16 [pick'ems](https://pickem.hwc.hr/tournaments/30/pick)!

| Team 1 | | | Team 2 |

> | ---: | - | - | :--- |

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
| --: | :-: | :-: | :-- |
```

| ![](/wiki/shared/flag/FR.gif) **France** | **5** | 0 | Italy ![](/wiki/shared/flag/IT.gif) |
| ![](/wiki/shared/flag/CN.gif) China | 2 | **3** | **Argentina** ![](/wiki/shared/flag/AR.gif) |
| ![](/wiki/shared/flag/VN.gif) **Vietnam** | **3** | 2 | Canada ![](/wiki/shared/flag/CA.gif) |
| ![](/wiki/shared/flag/SE.gif) Sweden | 2 | **3** | **Brazil** ![](/wiki/shared/flag/BR.gif) |
| ![](/wiki/shared/flag/GB.gif) **United Kingdom** | **4** | 1 | United States ![](/wiki/shared/flag/US.gif) |
| ![](/wiki/shared/flag/AU.gif) **Australia** | **3** | 2 | Norway ![](/wiki/shared/flag/NO.gif) |
| ![](/wiki/shared/flag/KR.gif) **South Korea** | **3** | 2 | Denmark ![](/wiki/shared/flag/DK.gif) |
| ![](/wiki/shared/flag/PL.gif) Poland | 2 | **3** | **Russian Federation** ![](/wiki/shared/flag/RU.gif) | 

#### Quarterfinals Match-ups

| Team 1 | | Team 2 |

> | ---: | - | :--- |

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
| --: | :-: | :-- |
```

| ![](/wiki/shared/flag/VN.gif) **Vietnam** | vs. | **Brazil** ![](/wiki/shared/flag/BR.gif) |
| ![](/wiki/shared/flag/GB.gif) **United Kingdom** | vs. | **Australia** ![](/wiki/shared/flag/AU.gif) |
| ![](/wiki/shared/flag/KR.gif) **South Korea** | vs. | **Russian Federation** ![](/wiki/shared/flag/RU.gif) | 

### The Big Fans Mapping Contest

The mapping phase of the Big Fans mapping contest just ended on the 25th and the judging phase is currently underway. Best of luck to everyone who entered! Information about this contest can be found on the [forum post](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1102228).

Are there any other mapping contests going on, or being announced soon? Please let us know! We would love to give it more attention to the public. Doesn't matter if it's mode or language specific. Head over to the [forum post](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1027590) where you can find the submission form!

<a id="conclusion"></a>

---

And that's it for this month! We decided to not include the "Around the Community" section this time because we haven't heard of anything that would fit into it. 

> Now to some in-house advertising, we have moved! Prior to the move, we had our home on the Beatmap Nominator discord server, but now we've decided to move to the [osu! Community Server](https://discord.gg/0Vxo9AsejDkGlk3H). Should you be interested to help us out with future issues of the Mappers' Report or have anything you would like us to include, you can find us there in the #mappers-report channel! 

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
Now to some in-house advertising, we have moved! Prior to the move, we had our home on the Beatmap Nominator discord server, but now you can find us on the [osu! Community Server](https://discord.gg/0Vxo9AsejDkGlk3H). Should you be interested to help us out with future issues of the Mappers' Report or have anything you would like us to include, join us on the #mappers-report channel! 
```
